how did it go? 어떻게 됬어?
it's the thought that counts 중요한 것은 생각입니다.
are you through with that? 다 마셧지?
assuming you have a good compiler infrastructure. 좋은 컴파일러 인프라스트럭처가 있다고 가정할 때.
given the technical details of what it's actually accomplishing. 실제 수행되고있는 기술적 요소를 고려하면 
However all that said and done. 하지만 그 모든 것을 고려했을 때. said and done (관용구)
He walked me to the subway  날 지하철까지 데려다줫어
as one commentator put it,  recompiling existing Cuda programs remains perfectly legal
한 평론가가 말했듯이 recompiling existing Cuda programs remains perfectly legal 
put it 이 말햇듯이 로 해석됨
let's say I bought a really great pair of shoes. 내가 진짜 좋은 신발을 삿다고 치자 
or so I gathered 내가 이해한 바로는 
We're with you. We got it. 그만해 알았들었어
surely those can be easily sorted out 분명히 그것들은 쉽게 해결될수잇습니다.
that became a self-fulfilling prophecy. 그것은 예상대로 실현되었다
you are the only one that has ever bothered to be civil with us. 당신은 우리에게 예의 바르게 대해준 유일한 사람입니다 
roz and i go way back 로지랑 나는 오랜 친구 사이야
a bit worse for wear i am afraid / i would say you shine like new
not if you keep doing that 계속 그러면 안되지 
rest assured 안심해라
with pleasure 기꺼이요
i am going to cover Southeast Asia 동남아시아를 다룰 예정입니다.
i think that's because it was planed out so well.  잘 계획되어서 그런가 봅니다 / 그래서 그런가 봅니다
thought i had, uh, do it the size in the guy's feet. 남자 발 크기로 하는줄 알았어 / 난 그런줄 알았어 어 그거 남자 발 사이즈 크기로 
they're just looking out after you. 그들은 단지 너를 돌보고 있을 뿐이야
Might it if I whimper a little bit? 조금 징징대도 될까? 
i was hoping winter wouldnt be so cold - 바랫어요 i was hoping~ 과거 시점에서 미래상황희망이라서 would사용 
겨울이 그렇게 춥지 않기를 바랐어요
i wish the audience could see what really went into this movie. wish가 hope보다 강한 희망 가정법 과거라서 could
it doesnt feel good when you are the one being sqeezed
especially when the one doing sqeeezing is a just bug-eyed, hungry-power and what was the rest? reptilian runt.
what else could you possibly want? 대체 뭘 더 바라는거야?
I guess I should have caught on when she started going to the dentist four and five times a week
caught on - 알아차리다 
you might try accidentally breaking something valuable of hers, say her-
Would I have seen you in anything? 제가 당신을 어디에서 본 적 있을까요?
unless you happened to catch the Reruns' production of Pinocchio, at the little theater in the park.
happened to 우연히~하다 
I take credit for Paul. 폴에 대해 제 지분이 있어요 (폴 내 덕분에 그렇게 된거야)
you are a credit to whatever species it is you belong to
it can be hard and difficult training yourself everyday
however i am sure it makes you valuable and being in the spotlight
she feels anxious even when going about her daily life. = she feels anxious even while she is going about her daily life
let me put it this way - 이렇게 말씀드릴게요 
last but not least - 마지막으로 
not everyone can just watch a video and make delicious food like you just did - 모두가 영상보고 너처럼 맛잇는 음식을 만들수잇는것은 아니야

the pleasure is all mine - 별말씀을
