could / would
That explains why you couldn't make it to the team dinner last night. 왜 올수 없엇는지 (가능성)
That explains why you wouldn't make it to the team dinner last night. 왜 안오려고 햇는지 (의지)

on / with
I am not sure if I can afford that car on my salary 차량 할부금이나 유지비를 장기적으로 감당하기 어려울 것 같다는 고민
I am not sure if I can afford that car with my salary 당장 차를 구매하는 데 필요한 금액을 내 급여로 지불할 수 있을지에 대한 고민

will be able to / can 
we will be able to fulfill your order right away - 미래의 가능성
we can fulfill your order right away - 현재의 가능성 
* Going to be able to  가까운 미래가능성 / Would be able to 조건적인 가능성

with / x
with new phones offering only slight improvements, customers are wating longer than 2 years. - 격식
new phones offering only slight improvements, customers are wating longer than 2 years. - 비격식 둘의 차이는 미미함

don't / wouldn't
We wouldn't want to spend more than 300 million won. - would 이 사용된 이유는 좀 더 공손하게 dont은 더 직접적이고 단호함

i am thinking about quitting social media for good, constantly comparing myself to others being unhealthy. - 분사구문 연습
혹은 constantly comparing myself to others which is unhealthy. 

오늘 아침에 무슨 일로 바쁘세요? 영작
i stayed up late - 늦게까지 안잤다
what you are offering is a little out of our price range. - 제안주신 내용이 

you don't have to cut me off like that. 그렇게 전화 끊지는 말았어야지
200$ sounds like a lot of money to fix water hiter.
can you possibly make an exception and let me place an order with only 30% down?

i am afraid it doesn't work that way.
i think we should try cooking at home more. 집에서 밥을 더 자주 해먹어야 할 것 같아.
i saw that you have an opening for a part-time cook. 파트타임 요리사 구한다는 것 봣습니다.
i am not getting enough hours, so i am thinking about doing some tutoring on the side too 근무시간이 부족해서 

계속 정규직으로 모시고 갈 수 있을지 모르겟습니다. i am not sure if we can afford to keep you on full-time. 
제가 근무 시간을 줄이는 것은 어떨까요 how about if i started working fewer hours. 
i just feel bad leaving my job like this.
can i set you up for an interview this week? 면접 일정 잡아드릴까요 (캐주얼) 공식적은 schedule

if it is too spicy for you to handle - 너무 매워서 못 먹겠으면
if you would like to go forward, - 주문 진행하게 되면
i feel like i bit off more than i can chew - 과욕을 부린것 같아요
i already have three reports to finish this week - 이번주까지 끝내야하는 보고서가 이미 3개 있어요

be sure to ask for lots of silanto on top of that - 고수를 많이 얹어 달라는걸 잊지마세요
i will give the answers again - 정답 다시 불러줄게
please make sure to keep your pets and cildren in another room - 다른 방에 펫과 아이들을 두는 것을 잊지마세요
more often than not - 거의 그래요
i can't think of a better word to describe how i feel than angry 

are you still trying to figure out - ~을 고민중이십니까
i thought she had an update on how he was doing.
we plan on starting the dinnner service when we are two hours from our destination.
we remain committed to the safety of our customer and will continue testing.
we are unable to announce when sales of our first such cars can begin.

i know it's just after your hours.
that would definitly push away some of our loyal customers.
he scored at 5:00 in the first half and that put them ahead early on.
this will only take a minute

but it's ralatively small compared to the cost of buying a whole new one.
but it's hard when i am under pressure to speak quickly
tesla has been doing great - 테슬라가 잘나가고 있습니다. 
the deadline has already been delayed three times. we can do it a third time.

i am not sure (if) i am doing it right.
by any chance - 혹시 
어쩌면 이런 기회가 다시 없을 수 잇으니까 we might not ever have another chance like this.
you might want to bring your crampons.

there is never enough time to do things i really enjoy.
it's a shame that i can't be there in person.
i am just checking in to see if you are doing okay.
before we get started looking at what's available, - 매물로 나온 것을 보기 전에

it seems like you have been doing nothing but work for months
계속 안쉬고 하는거야? have you been working this whole time?
자꾸 졸려서 i cant barely stay awake.
시간을 좀 가져 give it more time.

온라인에서 허먼 밀러 의자들을 봤을 때는 예쁘긴 했지만 이백사십만 원이나 하는 게 이해가 안 됐다
when i saw a good-looking chair of thier online, i didn't see how it could possibly be worth 2.4 million won.
영업 시간이 어떻게 되나요? what are the hours?
너희 딸파티에 나는 안 가는 게 좋을 것 같아. i don't think it's a good idea for me to come to your daugter's party.

우리 회사에서는 매년 한 달여간 유급휴가를 쓸 수 있어. i can take over a month of paid time off each year in my job.
내일은 영업시간이 어떻게 되나요? could you tell me what the hours are for tommorow.
애들하고 정말 잘 노는군요! you are really great around kids.
그 영화가 어서 여기에서도 개봉했으면 좋겟다 i cant wait for the movie to come out here

우리는 소비자의 안전에 최선을 다할 것입니다. we remain committed to the safety of our customers.
이상하게 사람이 많지 않네 it's unusual that there aren't many people here.
남산 북쪽으로는 등산을 안 해 봤다고 생각했는데 I didn't think I had hiked the north side of Namsan.
검은색은 이 갈색 바지랑 안 어울릴 텐데. black wouldn't work with these brown pants.

매물로 나온 것을 보기 전에 before we get started looking at what's available. 
추가로 10% 깎아 주실 여지가 있을까요? is there any way you can come down another 10%?
제 때에 프로젝트를 마무리 할 수 있으면 좋겠어. i hope i can get this project done in time.
우리는 고객의 안전을 위해 최선을 다하고 있다 we remain committed to the safety of our customers.

스마트폰 매출이 예전 같지 않습니다 smart phone sales are not as strong as they used to be.
보니까 네가 관심 있을 만한 내용이네. it seemed like something you would be interested in.
그 둘은 썩 잘 어울리지는 않을 듯해 i dont think they would be quite right for each other.
샌프란시스코 사무실은 어때요? how are things going over there in the san francisco office?

I'd recommend against it. - 'd 는 would 이고 화자의 의지가 들어감 / 추천하지는 않습니다.
보니까 몇 달째 일만 하는구나 it seems like you have been doing nothing but work for months.
아직 공부하고 있는 거야? 몇 시간째야. 계속 안 쉬고 하는 거야?
are you still studying? is's been hours? have you been working this whole time?
---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
나 소설 쓰는 거 알지? do you know that novel i've working on.
일이 잘 풀리고 있어요 things are going pretty well.
좀 더 시간을 들였어야 했어요. i wish i had spent more time on it.
기분이 좋아진다 it puts me in a good mood.

그렇게는 안됩니다 it dosen't work that way.
your english sounds good to me. in fact i think you are probably better at english than anyone i know.
잘 기억이 안나 it doesnt ouccur to me.
차라리 이케아에서 소파 사는 게 더 나을 듯합니다 you would be better off going to ikea and getting a couch there.

이상하게 사람이 많지 않네 it's unusual that there aren't many people here.
갑자기 중요한 일이 생겨서요 something important just comes up.
~을/를 할래?	do you feel like -ing doing/grabbing/reading ~
뭐하고 싶어? what do you feel like doing?

보니까 너 아직 감기가 다 안 나았나 보네. it looks like you havent gotten over the cold yet.
i totally believe he has what it takes to be a good coah.
내 햄버거랑 확실히 다르네 it's definitely not the same as my real burgerl. (as를 자주 틀림)
지금 내가 여기 있으니까 now that i am here (now that~이니까)
사용하는데는 여전히 어려움을 가지고 있어요 익숙해지려면 시간이 필요할 것 같아요.
i still have trouble using it. i'm afraid it may take some time to get used to.
세부 내용은 아직 정하지 못한 상태입니다. we dont have the details worked out.
콘서트 시작까지 2시간 남았어요 we are only two hours away from the concert getting started

계속 운영되기 위해 자금을 조달할 수 없었다
it was unable to get financing to remain open.